Update E2E Readme and simplify configuration (#6834)
cosmos/ibc-go: e2e/README.md

# Table of Contents

1. [How to write tests](#how-to-write-tests)
   - a. [Adding a new test](#adding-a-new-test)
   - b. [Running the tests with custom images](#running-tests-with-custom-images)
   - b. [Code samples](#code-samples)
     - [Setup](#setup)
     - [Creating test users](#creating-test-users)
     - [Waiting](#waiting)
     - [Query wallet balances](#query-wallet-balances)
     - [Broadcasting messages](#broadcasting-messages)
     - [Starting the relayer](#starting-the-relayer)
     - [Arbitrary commands](#arbitrary-commands)

>      - [IBC transfer](#ibc-transfer)

Author: removed these in favour of just having more tests that have code samples!

|----------------------|-------------------------------------------|-----------------------------|
| CHAIN_IMAGE          | The image that will be used for the chain | ghcr.io/cosmos/ibc-go-simd  |
| CHAIN_A_TAG          | The tag used for chain A                  | N/A                         |
| CHAIN_B_TAG          | The tag used for chain B                  | N/A                         |
| CHAIN_BINARY         | The binary used in the container          | simd                        |
| RELAYER_TAG          | The tag used for the relayer              | 1.10.0                      |
| RELAYER_ID           | The type of relayer to use (rly/hermes)   | hermes                      |

> Note: when running tests locally, **no images are pushed** to the `ghcr.io/cosmos/ibc-go-simd` registry.
> The images which are used only exist locally only.

These environment variables allow us to run tests with arbitrary versions (from branches or releases) of simd and the go / hermes relayer.

Every time changes are pushed to a branch or to `main`, a new `simd` image is built and
pushed [here](https://github.com/orgs/cosmos/packages?repo_name=ibc-go).

### Example of running a single test

> > NOTE: environment variables can be set to override a config file, but the config file can still be used to set

Reviewer: Very minor nit: Maybe something like this to make it even clearer?

```suggestion
> NOTE: environment variables can be set to override one or more config file variables, but the config file can still be used to set
```

> defaults.

```sh 

make e2e-test entrypoint=TestInterchainAccountsTestSuite test=TestMsgSubmitTx_SuccessfulTransfer
```

If `jq` is installed, you only need to specify the `test`.

If `fzf` is also installed, you only need to run `make e2e-test` and you will be prompted with interactive test
selection.

```sh
make e2e-test test=TestMsgSubmitTx_SuccessfulTransfer
```

> Note: sometimes it can be useful to make changes to [ibctest](https://github.com/strangelove-ventures/interchaintest)
> when running tests locally. In order to do this, add the following line to
> e2e/go.mod

`replace github.com/strangelove-ventures/interchaintest => ../../interchaintest`

Or point it to any local checkout you have.

### Example of running a full testsuite

> > NOTE: not all tests may support full parallel runs due to possible chain wide modifications such as params / gov

Reviewer: Maybe link down to the "When to use t.Parallel" section?

> proposals / chain restarts.

```sh 
make e2e-suite entrypoint=TestTransferTestSuite
```

Similar to running a single test, if `jq` and `fzf` are installed you can run `make e2e-suite` and be prompted
to interactively select a test suite to run.

### Running tests outside the context of the Makefile

In order to run tests outside the context of the Makefile (e.g. from an IDE)

> The main thing that needs to be set is the `E2E_CONFIG_PATH` environment variable. This should point to a valid config

Reviewer: This is not entirely true. You don't have to set it, the default location works (this is what I currently use).

Author: ah good point, will just make a note about this env being what you need to change.

file, setting this will depend on the IDE being used.

## Test design

### interchaintest

These E2E tests use the [interchaintest framework](https://github.com/strangelove-ventures/interchaintest). This framework creates chains and relayers in containers and allows for arbitrary commands to be executed in the chain containers,
as well as allowing us to broadcast arbitrary messages which are signed on behalf of a user created in the test.

### Test Suites

> In order for tests to be run in parallel, we create the chains in `SetupSuite`, and each test is in charge of 

Reviewer: Would be nice with some kind of example or pointing to an example
